invision Tomb Raider earlier tonight
renowned archaeologist lady Lara Croft
stunned the academic world with the
display of ancient occult powers which
may challenge our ideas on the very
nature of death itself a demonstration
of contact with pagan spirits was
interrupted by an armed group of
religious extremists the dribbly attack
was repelled when a stone statue was
miraculously brought to life but what is
this mystical force some are calling up
the true religion others call it
blasphemy but for most people all that
matters is that it may hold the key to
immortality here with me is a man who
claims to have been brought back to life
by the Osiris monk you think a girl
would remember a little thing like
raising a man from the dead
this is a disaster all we've achieved
every belief we've advanced every idol
and artifact we've suppressed to
maintain our position it's all falling
apart
I say we extend our troops until the
current crisis can be resolved oh and
furthermore may you all burn in hell
once this is over our common interest
for now must be working together to
defeat this new heresy I pray for your
death may a plague full upon your people
but yes there is possible only one
course of action here bring in the
curator you requested my presence the
mission to seize the ark has failed are
you aware of the gravity of this I am
your grace the object is with Croft and
beware it's a cult it powers do you get
that on can you bring it here we can't
allow it to be used again we grant you
the use of the sacred gifts should you
fail our control will be lost and the
world will face certain destruction
bless with them
so here's a laugh I don't believe we've
met since I brought you back to life the
least I deserve is a thank you wouldn't
you agree
look I appreciate what you did for me at
the Museum but I need to know what your
game is and if we're in this game
together you believed in dr. Heinrich
the disaster we spoke of what do you
know of it well then perhaps I'll just
find out for myself
Henryk always said there were many ways
of crossing all yes yes that's right the
play Roma the divine furnace is all
around us
Lara if you believe I saved your life I
trust you're prepared to return the
favor if needed
it's the way or the highway
clearly our situs as a plan of his own
maybe he thinks he's the one true God
visit game Capcom / - later each week
for more preclusion Tomb Raider